Chengsheng, thank you,
No, it would have been painful for several years.
There is no way he can return to the position of manager Gong Datang.
We are husband and wife, don't talk about this.
By the way, that's just one intention, you should still be in the yellow team agriculture.
Is it Yiyi? Are you talking about the 11% deposit?
We have been married three times, how much money do you have?
Don't I know yet?
That's because you are interested in agriculture.
He lent it to you himself.
Moreover, listed groups and pain,
I’ve kept you a secret, eleven,
You should still be in the yellow team agriculture.
Welcome me.
Who has more than three, but it’s not ours?
Or do you have no intention of raising it?
And we're doing well, don't you think?
This is one by one
I gave you a certificate to accompany you
Ten thousand years, I want to try to tell you
Are you going to Tianwang store?
It means growing up
It is said that he is a being who is full of Taotian
It was once said that a country with special status has made meritorious deeds
At least Longye has a cross-linking system.
In front of them, one doesn't quite compare
I am Tianwangdiandian